Doc(UPM-3733): update Create Azure Active Directory Application (#2121)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/02_connect_cloud_account.mdx

Take note of the **Application (client) ID**, as you need it to configure your BigAnimal account. Also take note of the **Display name** value of the Azure AD application. You need to enter this value later.

1. Select _application secret_ as an authentication option for the application. See [Create a new Azure AD application secret](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal#option-2-create-a-new-application-secret) for instructions. Take note of the Azure AD App Secret, as you need it to configure your cloud account.

> 1. Select _API permissions_ to configure API permissions for the application. See [Configure a client application to access Azure Active Directory API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/reports-monitoring/howto-configure-prerequisites-for-reporting-api) for instructions. Add Application permissions with Microsoft Graph _Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy_ and _Directory.Read.All_ to your application, and grant admin consent for your cloud account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select _API permissions_ to configure API permissions for the application. See [Configure a client application to access Azure Active Directory API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/reports-monitoring/howto-configure-prerequisites-for-reporting-api) for instructions. Add Application permissions with Microsoft Graph _Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy_ and _Directory.Read.All_ to your application and grant admin consent for your cloud account.
```

Author: Updated.

To create an Azure AD Application with the subscription ID  `c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712` and display name `hello-s`:

```
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnterpriseDB/cloud-utilities/main/azure/create-spn.sh | bash -s \
  -- --display-name "hello-s" \
  --subscription c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712 \
  --years 2
Change to use Azure Subscription c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712...
{
  "environmentName": "AzureCloud",
  "homeTenantId": "fb0cxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx3d0f",
  "id": "c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712",
  "isDefault": true,
  "managedByTenants": [],
  "name": "development",
  "state": "Enabled",
  "tenantId": "fb0cxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx3d0f",
  "user": {
    "name": "xxxx",
    "type": "user"
  }
}
Creating Azure AD Service Principal and configuring its access to Azure resources in subscription c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712...
Waiting 15 seconds for Azure AD Service Principal to propagate...
Add Azure AD Service Principal Owners...
{
  "client_id": "a756xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx84da",
  "client_secret": "xxxx",
  "subscription": "c808xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxb712"
}
```

> If you receive below error messages, you need to apply admin consent request with Azure AD Global Administrator or Privileged Role Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive the following error message, you need to request admin consent for your cloud account. Only users with the Azure AD Global Administrator or Privileged Role Administrator role can grant admin consent.
```
